README.md, before:

# Ekart - E-Commerce Shopping Platform

A comprehensive full-stack e-commerce platform built with Django and Tailwind CSS, providing seamless shopping experience with secure payment processing and customer support.

## 📋 Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Features](#features)
- [System Architecture](#system-architecture)
- [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
- [Hardware & Software Requirements](#hardware--software-requirements)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Project Structure](#project-structure)
- [Configuration](#configuration)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Features Details](#features-details)
- [Performance Metrics](#performance-metrics)
- [Security Features](#security-features)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Future Enhancements](#future-enhancements)
- [Contributors](#contributors)
- [License](#license)

## 🌟 Overview

Ekart is a complete e-commerce solution that addresses modern retail challenges with:

- **24/7 Availability**: Shop anytime, anywhere
- **Global Reach**: Access worldwide customer base
- **Cost Efficiency**: Reduced operational costs with custom solution
- **Data-Driven**: Real-time analytics and insights
- **Customer Engagement**: Direct interaction with customers

### Project Significance

This platform integrates multiple payment gateways, real-time order tracking, customer support chat, secure authentication, and professional invoice generation into one cohesive system.

## ✨ Features

### Core Modules

#### 1. **User Management System**
- ✅ Secure registration with email validation
- ✅ Login with password hashing (PBKDF2)
- ✅ Profile management
- ✅ Customer information storage
- ✅ Session management

#### 2. **Product Management**
- ✅ Display 50+ products
- ✅ Search by product name
- ✅ Filter by category, supplier, and price range
- ✅ Sort by price (ascending/descending)
- ✅ Real-time stock display
- ✅ Product details view

#### 3. **Shopping Cart**
- ✅ Add/remove products
- ✅ Quantity management
- ✅ Cart total calculation
- ✅ Persistent storage
- ✅ Update cart items

#### 4. **Payment Processing**
- ✅ Credit Card payments
- ✅ UPI (Unified Payments Interface)
- ✅ Bank Transfer
- ✅ Form validation
- ✅ Secure transaction handling

#### 5. **Order Management**
- ✅ Direct purchase orders
- ✅ Cart checkout orders
- ✅ Automatic stock deduction
- ✅ Order status tracking
- ✅ Order history

#### 6. **Invoice Generation**
- ✅ Automatic creation after payment
- ✅ Customer details display
- ✅ Item breakdown
- ✅ Professional formatting
- ✅ Invoice history

#### 7. **Review & Rating System**
- ✅ 5-star rating system
- ✅ Text-based reviews
- ✅ Customer identification
- ✅ Review history

#### 8. **Customer Support Chat**
- ✅ Message interface
- ✅ Typing indicators
- ✅ Quick action buttons
- ✅ Auto-response system
- ✅ Chat history

#### 9. **Responsive Design**
- ✅ Mobile optimization (375px)
- ✅ Tablet support (768px)
- ✅ Desktop layout (1920px)
- ✅ Cross-browser compatibility
- ✅ Professional branding

#### 10. **Security Implementation**
- ✅ CSRF protection
- ✅ Password hashing
- ✅ SQL injection prevention
- ✅ XSS prevention
- ✅ Secure session management

## 🏗️ System Architecture

### Three-Tier Architecture

```
┌────────────────────────────────────────┐
│ PRESENTATION LAYER (Frontend)          │
│ HTML/CSS/JavaScript/Tailwind CSS       │
│ - User Interface Components            │
│ - Form Validation                      │
│ - Client-side Logic                    │
└────────────────┬───────────────────────┘
                 ↓
┌────────────────────────────────────────┐
│ APPLICATION LAYER (Backend)            │
│ Django Framework/Python                │
│ - Business Logic                       │
│ - Authentication                       │
│ - Payment Processing                   │
│ - Order Management                     │
│ - API Endpoints                        │
└────────────────┬───────────────────────┘
                 ↓
┌────────────────────────────────────────┐
│ DATA LAYER (Database)                  │
│ SQLite/PostgreSQL                      │
│ - User Data                            │
│ - Product Information                  │
│ - Orders & Payments                    │
│ - Invoices & Reviews                   │
└────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### Backend
- **Framework**: Django 5.2.7
- **Language**: Python 3.9+
- **ORM**: Django ORM
- **Authentication**: Django built-in system

### Frontend
- **Markup**: HTML5
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS
- **JavaScript**: ES6+
- **Icons**: Material Design Icons
- **Typography**: Google Fonts

### Database
- **Development**: SQLite
- **Production**: PostgreSQL 12+

### Additional Tools
- **Version Control**: Git
- **API Testing**: Postman
- **Package Manager**: pip
- **Code Editor**: Visual Studio Code

## 💻 Hardware & Software Requirements

### Development Environment

| Component | Specification | Reason |
|-----------|---------------|--------|
| Processor | Intel i5/AMD Ryzen 5 or better | For smooth development |
| RAM | Minimum 4GB (8GB recommended) | Running IDE, Django, browser |
| Storage | 500MB free space | Project files, database |
| Monitor | 1920x1080 or higher | Responsive design testing |

### Browser Support

| Browser | Version | Support |
|---------|---------|---------|
| Chrome | 90+ | Full |
| Firefox | 88+ | Full |
| Safari | 14+ | Full |
| Edge | 90+ | Full |

### Operating System

- Windows 10/11 or higher
- macOS 10.13 or higher
- Ubuntu 18.04 or higher
- Any Linux with Python 3.9+

## 📦 Installation

### Prerequisites

Ensure you have the following installed:
- Python 3.9 or higher
- pip (Python package manager)
- Git

### Step 1: Clone Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/loke2006/ecommerce.git
cd ecommerce-platform
```

### Step 2: Create Virtual Environment

**Windows:**
```bash
python -m venv venv
venv\Scripts\activate
```

**Mac/Linux:**
```bash
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
```

### Step 3: Install Dependencies

```bash
pip install django
# Or install from requirements.txt if available
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Step 4: Database Setup

```bash
# Run migrations
python manage.py migrate

# Create superuser (admin account)
python manage.py createsuperuser
```

### Step 5: Run Development Server

```bash
python manage.py runserver
```

The application will be accessible at: **http://127.0.0.1:8000/**

## 📂 Project Structure

```
ecommerce-platform/
├── manage.py                 # Django management script
├── db.sqlite3               # SQLite database
├── requirements.txt         # Python dependencies
├── README.md               # This file
│
├── ecommerce/              # Project settings
│   ├── settings.py         # Django configuration
│   ├── urls.py             # Main URL routing
│   ├── wsgi.py             # Production WSGI
│   └── asgi.py             # ASGI configuration
│
├── store/                  # Main app
│   ├── models.py           # Database models
│   ├── views.py            # View logic
│   ├── urls.py             # App URL routing
│   ├── forms.py            # Django forms
│   ├── admin.py            # Admin configuration
│   └── migrations/         # Database migrations
│
├── templates/              # HTML templates
│   ├── login.html
│   ├── signup.html
│   ├── list_products.html
│   ├── product_detail.html
│   ├── view_cart.html
│   ├── checkout.html
│   ├── payment_form.html
│   ├── order_confirmation.html
│   ├── user_orders.html
│   ├── user_payments.html
│   ├── invoice.html
│   ├── review_page.html
│   └── chat.html
│
└── static/                 # Static files
    ├── css/               # Custom CSS
    ├── js/                # JavaScript files
    └── images/            # Image assets
```

## ⚙️ Configuration

### Django Settings

Key settings in `ecommerce/settings.py`:

```python
# Database Configuration
DATABASES = {
    'default': {
        'ENGINE': 'django.db.backends.sqlite3',
        'NAME': BASE_DIR / 'db.sqlite3',
    }
}

# Static Files
STATIC_URL = '/static/'
STATICFILES_DIRS = [BASE_DIR / 'static']

# Installed Apps
INSTALLED_APPS = [
    'django.contrib.admin',
    'django.contrib.auth',
    'django.contrib.contenttypes',
    'django.contrib.sessions',
    'django.contrib.messages',
    'store',
]

# Security Settings
CSRF_COOKIE_SECURE = True
SESSION_COOKIE_SECURE = True
SECURE_SSL_REDIRECT = True
```

## 🚀 Usage

### Accessing the Application

1. **Home Page**: `http://localhost:8000/`
2. **Admin Panel**: `http://localhost:8000/admin/`
3. **User Login**: `http://localhost:8000/login/`
4. **Product Listing**: `http://localhost:8000/products/`

### User Workflows

#### Shopping Workflow
1. Register/Login
2. Browse products
3. Search/filter products
4. View product details
5. Add to cart
6. Proceed to checkout
7. Select payment method
8. Complete payment
9. View invoice
10. Track order

#### Support Workflow
1. Navigate to support chat
2. Send message
3. Receive response
4. Continue conversation
5. View chat history

## 📊 Features Details

### Product Search & Filter

- **Search**: Find products by name
- **Category Filter**: Browse by product category
- **Price Range**: Filter by price
- **Supplier Filter**: View products by supplier
- **Sorting**: Sort by price (low to high / high to low)

### Payment Methods

#### Credit Card
- Enter card details
- Secure payment processing
- Transaction confirmation

#### UPI (Unified Payments Interface)
- QR code based payments
- Fast transaction
- Real-time confirmation

#### Bank Transfer
- Direct bank account transfer
- Reference number provided
- Order confirmation email

### Order Tracking

- Real-time status updates
- Tracking number provided
- Estimated delivery date
- Order history

### Invoice Management

- Automatic generation
- Professional template
- Customer details
- Item breakdown
- Payment method details
- Download as PDF

## 📈 Performance Metrics

### Page Load Times

| Page | Load Time |
|------|-----------|
| Login | 400ms |
| Products | 800ms |
| Cart | 300ms |
| Payment | 500ms |
| Orders | 600ms |
| Invoice | 450ms |

### Database Query Performance

| Query | Time |
|-------|------|
| Product Query | <100ms |
| Order Query | <150ms |
| User Query | <50ms |
| Payment Query | <100ms |

### Scalability

- ✅ Support 50+ concurrent users
- ✅ 99% system availability
- ✅ Sub-2 second response time
- ✅ Cross-browser compatibility

## 🔒 Security Features

### Authentication & Authorization
- ✅ Secure password hashing (PBKDF2)
- ✅ Session-based authentication
- ✅ User role management
- ✅ Password validation

### Data Protection
- ✅ CSRF (Cross-Site Request Forgery) protection
- ✅ XSS (Cross-Site Scripting) prevention
- ✅ SQL injection prevention
- ✅ Secure database queries using ORM

### Payment Security
- ✅ Secure payment form validation
- ✅ PCI compliance ready
- ✅ Transaction encryption
- ✅ Secure payment gateway integration

### Other Security Measures
- ✅ HTTPS ready
- ✅ Secure cookies
- ✅ Input validation
- ✅ Output encoding

## ✅ Testing

### Functional Testing
- ✅ Authentication: 100% coverage
- ✅ Products: 100% coverage
- ✅ Shopping Cart: 100% coverage
- ✅ Payments: 100% coverage
- ✅ Orders: 100% coverage
- ✅ Reviews: 100% coverage

### Responsive Design Testing
- ✅ Mobile (375px)
- ✅ Tablet (768px)
- ✅ Desktop (1920px)

### Browser Compatibility
- ✅ Chrome - Full support
- ✅ Firefox - Full support
- ✅ Safari - Full support
- ✅ Edge - Full support

## 🚧 Future Enhancements

### Phase 1 (Next 3 months)
- [ ] Admin dashboard
- [ ] Advanced analytics
- [ ] Email notifications
- [ ] Wishlist feature
- [ ] Product recommendations

### Phase 2 (Next 6 months)
- [ ] Mobile applications (iOS/Android)
- [ ] AI-powered recommendations
- [ ] Subscription management
- [ ] Loyalty programs

### Phase 3 (Ongoing)
- [ ] Marketplace features
- [ ] Multi-vendor support
- [ ] Advanced security features
- [ ] Blockchain integration
- [ ] Real-time inventory sync

## 👥 Contributors

- **Lokesh Nalla** (AM.SC.U4CSE23237)
- **Vamsi Krishna S** (AM.SC.U4CSE23247)
- **Rushikesh P** (AM.SC.U4CSE23241)
- **Kota Karthik** (AM.SC.U4CSE23229)
- **Manikanta** (AM.SC.U4CSE23244)

## 📚 References

1. Django Software Foundation. (2025). Django Web Framework Documentation. https://docs.djangoproject.com/
2. Tailwind Labs. (2025). Tailwind CSS: A Utility-First CSS Framework. https://tailwindcss.com/
3. Mozilla Developer Network. (2024). Web Development References. https://developer.mozilla.org/
4. Python Software Foundation. (2024). Python Official Documentation. https://docs.python.org/3/
5. W3C. (2024). Web Standards and Specifications. https://www.w3.org/

## 📝 License

This project is part of the Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering program at Amrita School of Computing, Amritapuri Campus.

---

## 🤝 Support

For issues, bug reports, or feature requests, please open an issue on GitHub or contact the development team.

**GitHub Repository**: https://github.com/loke2006/ecommerce

**Happy Shopping! 🛒**

Commit message:

Update README with API key instructions
Added note about API key configuration for chat functionality.

README.md, after:

# Ekart - E-Commerce Shopping Platform

A comprehensive full-stack e-commerce platform built with Django and Tailwind CSS, providing seamless shopping experience with secure payment processing and customer support.

Note: In views.py search API and find "keep your API key here" and place your gemini api there to make the chat work.

## 📋 Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Features](#features)
- [System Architecture](#system-architecture)
- [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
- [Hardware & Software Requirements](#hardware--software-requirements)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Project Structure](#project-structure)
- [Configuration](#configuration)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Features Details](#features-details)
- [Performance Metrics](#performance-metrics)
- [Security Features](#security-features)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Future Enhancements](#future-enhancements)
- [Contributors](#contributors)
- [License](#license)

## 🌟 Overview

Ekart is a complete e-commerce solution that addresses modern retail challenges with:

- **24/7 Availability**: Shop anytime, anywhere
- **Global Reach**: Access worldwide customer base
- **Cost Efficiency**: Reduced operational costs with custom solution
- **Data-Driven**: Real-time analytics and insights
- **Customer Engagement**: Direct interaction with customers

### Project Significance

This platform integrates multiple payment gateways, real-time order tracking, customer support chat, secure authentication, and professional invoice generation into one cohesive system.

## ✨ Features

### Core Modules

#### 1. **User Management System**
- ✅ Secure registration with email validation
- ✅ Login with password hashing (PBKDF2)
- ✅ Profile management
- ✅ Customer information storage
- ✅ Session management

#### 2. **Product Management**
- ✅ Display 50+ products
- ✅ Search by product name
- ✅ Filter by category, supplier, and price range
- ✅ Sort by price (ascending/descending)
- ✅ Real-time stock display
- ✅ Product details view

#### 3. **Shopping Cart**
- ✅ Add/remove products
- ✅ Quantity management
- ✅ Cart total calculation
- ✅ Persistent storage
- ✅ Update cart items

#### 4. **Payment Processing**
- ✅ Credit Card payments
- ✅ UPI (Unified Payments Interface)
- ✅ Bank Transfer
- ✅ Form validation
- ✅ Secure transaction handling

#### 5. **Order Management**
- ✅ Direct purchase orders
- ✅ Cart checkout orders
- ✅ Automatic stock deduction
- ✅ Order status tracking
- ✅ Order history

#### 6. **Invoice Generation**
- ✅ Automatic creation after payment
- ✅ Customer details display
- ✅ Item breakdown
- ✅ Professional formatting
- ✅ Invoice history

#### 7. **Review & Rating System**
- ✅ 5-star rating system
- ✅ Text-based reviews
- ✅ Customer identification
- ✅ Review history

#### 8. **Customer Support Chat**
- ✅ Message interface
- ✅ Typing indicators
- ✅ Quick action buttons
- ✅ Auto-response system
- ✅ Chat history

#### 9. **Responsive Design**
- ✅ Mobile optimization (375px)
- ✅ Tablet support (768px)
- ✅ Desktop layout (1920px)
- ✅ Cross-browser compatibility
- ✅ Professional branding

#### 10. **Security Implementation**
- ✅ CSRF protection
- ✅ Password hashing
- ✅ SQL injection prevention
- ✅ XSS prevention
- ✅ Secure session management

## 🏗️ System Architecture

### Three-Tier Architecture

```
┌────────────────────────────────────────┐
│ PRESENTATION LAYER (Frontend)          │
│ HTML/CSS/JavaScript/Tailwind CSS       │
│ - User Interface Components            │
│ - Form Validation                      │
│ - Client-side Logic                    │
└────────────────┬───────────────────────┘
                 ↓
┌────────────────────────────────────────┐
│ APPLICATION LAYER (Backend)            │
│ Django Framework/Python                │
│ - Business Logic                       │
│ - Authentication                       │
│ - Payment Processing                   │
│ - Order Management                     │
│ - API Endpoints                        │
└────────────────┬───────────────────────┘
                 ↓
┌────────────────────────────────────────┐
│ DATA LAYER (Database)                  │
│ SQLite/PostgreSQL                      │
│ - User Data                            │
│ - Product Information                  │
│ - Orders & Payments                    │
│ - Invoices & Reviews                   │
└────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### Backend
- **Framework**: Django 5.2.7
- **Language**: Python 3.9+
- **ORM**: Django ORM
- **Authentication**: Django built-in system

### Frontend
- **Markup**: HTML5
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS
- **JavaScript**: ES6+
- **Icons**: Material Design Icons
- **Typography**: Google Fonts

### Database
- **Development**: SQLite
- **Production**: PostgreSQL 12+

### Additional Tools
- **Version Control**: Git
- **API Testing**: Postman
- **Package Manager**: pip
- **Code Editor**: Visual Studio Code

## 💻 Hardware & Software Requirements

### Development Environment

| Component | Specification | Reason |
|-----------|---------------|--------|
| Processor | Intel i5/AMD Ryzen 5 or better | For smooth development |
| RAM | Minimum 4GB (8GB recommended) | Running IDE, Django, browser |
| Storage | 500MB free space | Project files, database |
| Monitor | 1920x1080 or higher | Responsive design testing |

### Browser Support

| Browser | Version | Support |
|---------|---------|---------|
| Chrome | 90+ | Full |
| Firefox | 88+ | Full |
| Safari | 14+ | Full |
| Edge | 90+ | Full |

### Operating System

- Windows 10/11 or higher
- macOS 10.13 or higher
- Ubuntu 18.04 or higher
- Any Linux with Python 3.9+

## 📦 Installation

### Prerequisites

Ensure you have the following installed:
- Python 3.9 or higher
- pip (Python package manager)
- Git

### Step 1: Clone Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/loke2006/ecommerce.git
cd ecommerce-platform
```

### Step 2: Create Virtual Environment

**Windows:**
```bash
python -m venv venv
venv\Scripts\activate
```

**Mac/Linux:**
```bash
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
```

### Step 3: Install Dependencies

```bash
pip install django
# Or install from requirements.txt if available
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Step 4: Database Setup

```bash
# Run migrations
python manage.py migrate

# Create superuser (admin account)
python manage.py createsuperuser
```

### Step 5: Run Development Server

```bash
python manage.py runserver
```

The application will be accessible at: **http://127.0.0.1:8000/**

## 📂 Project Structure

```
ecommerce-platform/
├── manage.py                 # Django management script
├── db.sqlite3               # SQLite database
├── requirements.txt         # Python dependencies
├── README.md               # This file
│
├── ecommerce/              # Project settings
│   ├── settings.py         # Django configuration
│   ├── urls.py             # Main URL routing
│   ├── wsgi.py             # Production WSGI
│   └── asgi.py             # ASGI configuration
│
├── store/                  # Main app
│   ├── models.py           # Database models
│   ├── views.py            # View logic
│   ├── urls.py             # App URL routing
│   ├── forms.py            # Django forms
│   ├── admin.py            # Admin configuration
│   └── migrations/         # Database migrations
│
├── templates/              # HTML templates
│   ├── login.html
│   ├── signup.html
│   ├── list_products.html
│   ├── product_detail.html
│   ├── view_cart.html
│   ├── checkout.html
│   ├── payment_form.html
│   ├── order_confirmation.html
│   ├── user_orders.html
│   ├── user_payments.html
│   ├── invoice.html
│   ├── review_page.html
│   └── chat.html
│
└── static/                 # Static files
    ├── css/               # Custom CSS
    ├── js/                # JavaScript files
    └── images/            # Image assets
```

## ⚙️ Configuration

### Django Settings

Key settings in `ecommerce/settings.py`:

```python
# Database Configuration
DATABASES = {
    'default': {
        'ENGINE': 'django.db.backends.sqlite3',
        'NAME': BASE_DIR / 'db.sqlite3',
    }
}

# Static Files
STATIC_URL = '/static/'
STATICFILES_DIRS = [BASE_DIR / 'static']

# Installed Apps
INSTALLED_APPS = [
    'django.contrib.admin',
    'django.contrib.auth',
    'django.contrib.contenttypes',
    'django.contrib.sessions',
    'django.contrib.messages',
    'store',
]

# Security Settings
CSRF_COOKIE_SECURE = True
SESSION_COOKIE_SECURE = True
SECURE_SSL_REDIRECT = True
```

## 🚀 Usage

### Accessing the Application

1. **Home Page**: `http://localhost:8000/`
2. **Admin Panel**: `http://localhost:8000/admin/`
3. **User Login**: `http://localhost:8000/login/`
4. **Product Listing**: `http://localhost:8000/products/`

### User Workflows

#### Shopping Workflow
1. Register/Login
2. Browse products
3. Search/filter products
4. View product details
5. Add to cart
6. Proceed to checkout
7. Select payment method
8. Complete payment
9. View invoice
10. Track order

#### Support Workflow
1. Navigate to support chat
2. Send message
3. Receive response
4. Continue conversation
5. View chat history

## 📊 Features Details

### Product Search & Filter

- **Search**: Find products by name
- **Category Filter**: Browse by product category
- **Price Range**: Filter by price
- **Supplier Filter**: View products by supplier
- **Sorting**: Sort by price (low to high / high to low)

### Payment Methods

#### Credit Card
- Enter card details
- Secure payment processing
- Transaction confirmation

#### UPI (Unified Payments Interface)
- QR code based payments
- Fast transaction
- Real-time confirmation

#### Bank Transfer
- Direct bank account transfer
- Reference number provided
- Order confirmation email

### Order Tracking

- Real-time status updates
- Tracking number provided
- Estimated delivery date
- Order history

### Invoice Management

- Automatic generation
- Professional template
- Customer details
- Item breakdown
- Payment method details
- Download as PDF

## 📈 Performance Metrics

### Page Load Times

| Page | Load Time |
|------|-----------|
| Login | 400ms |
| Products | 800ms |
| Cart | 300ms |
| Payment | 500ms |
| Orders | 600ms |
| Invoice | 450ms |

### Database Query Performance

| Query | Time |
|-------|------|
| Product Query | <100ms |
| Order Query | <150ms |
| User Query | <50ms |
| Payment Query | <100ms |

### Scalability

- ✅ Support 50+ concurrent users
- ✅ 99% system availability
- ✅ Sub-2 second response time
- ✅ Cross-browser compatibility

## 🔒 Security Features

### Authentication & Authorization
- ✅ Secure password hashing (PBKDF2)
- ✅ Session-based authentication
- ✅ User role management
- ✅ Password validation

### Data Protection
- ✅ CSRF (Cross-Site Request Forgery) protection
- ✅ XSS (Cross-Site Scripting) prevention
- ✅ SQL injection prevention
- ✅ Secure database queries using ORM

### Payment Security
- ✅ Secure payment form validation
- ✅ PCI compliance ready
- ✅ Transaction encryption
- ✅ Secure payment gateway integration

### Other Security Measures
- ✅ HTTPS ready
- ✅ Secure cookies
- ✅ Input validation
- ✅ Output encoding

## ✅ Testing

### Functional Testing
- ✅ Authentication: 100% coverage
- ✅ Products: 100% coverage
- ✅ Shopping Cart: 100% coverage
- ✅ Payments: 100% coverage
- ✅ Orders: 100% coverage
- ✅ Reviews: 100% coverage

### Responsive Design Testing
- ✅ Mobile (375px)
- ✅ Tablet (768px)
- ✅ Desktop (1920px)

### Browser Compatibility
- ✅ Chrome - Full support
- ✅ Firefox - Full support
- ✅ Safari - Full support
- ✅ Edge - Full support

## 🚧 Future Enhancements

### Phase 1 (Next 3 months)
- [ ] Admin dashboard
- [ ] Advanced analytics
- [ ] Email notifications
- [ ] Wishlist feature
- [ ] Product recommendations

### Phase 2 (Next 6 months)
- [ ] Mobile applications (iOS/Android)
- [ ] AI-powered recommendations
- [ ] Subscription management
- [ ] Loyalty programs

### Phase 3 (Ongoing)
- [ ] Marketplace features
- [ ] Multi-vendor support
- [ ] Advanced security features
- [ ] Blockchain integration
- [ ] Real-time inventory sync

## 👥 Contributors

- **Lokesh Nalla** (AM.SC.U4CSE23237)
- **Vamsi Krishna S** (AM.SC.U4CSE23247)
- **Rushikesh P** (AM.SC.U4CSE23241)
- **Kota Karthik** (AM.SC.U4CSE23229)
- **Manikanta** (AM.SC.U4CSE23244)

## 📚 References

1. Django Software Foundation. (2025). Django Web Framework Documentation. https://docs.djangoproject.com/
2. Tailwind Labs. (2025). Tailwind CSS: A Utility-First CSS Framework. https://tailwindcss.com/
3. Mozilla Developer Network. (2024). Web Development References. https://developer.mozilla.org/
4. Python Software Foundation. (2024). Python Official Documentation. https://docs.python.org/3/
5. W3C. (2024). Web Standards and Specifications. https://www.w3.org/

## 📝 License

This project is part of the Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering program at Amrita School of Computing, Amritapuri Campus.

---

## 🤝 Support

For issues, bug reports, or feature requests, please open an issue on GitHub or contact the development team.

**GitHub Repository**: https://github.com/loke2006/ecommerce

**Happy Shopping! 🛒**
